Two authentication modes for database engine:
  - Windows Authentication mode
  - Mixed mode


Mixed mode =
   Windows Authentication mode PLUS
   SQL Server Authentication

Windows Authentication cannot be disabled.

The authentication mode is stored in the registry under
  key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\MSSQLServer\MSSQLServer  value LoginMode.

Mixed Mode Authentication {

   Mixed mode authentication  requires a strong password for the built-in SQL Server system administrator account named sa.

}
{ Window authentication

  Windows Authentication is the default authentication mode, and is much more
  secure than SQL Server Authentication.

  By using Windows Authentication, Windows groups can be created at the domain
  level, and a login can be created on SQL Server for the entire group.
  Managing access from at the domain level can simplify account administration.

  Windows Authentication
    - uses Kerberos security protocol,
    - provides password policy enforcement with regard to complexity validation for strong passwords,
    - provides support for account lockout, and
    - supports password expiration.

  A connection made using Windows Authentication is sometimes called a trusted connection, because SQL Server
  trusts the credentials provided by Windows



  Setup creates the sa account for SQL Server Authentication but it is disabled.

  When a user connects through a Windows user account, SQL Server validates the
  account name and password using the Windows principal token in the operating
  system. --> User identity is confirmed by windows - hence, SQL Server does
  not ask for the password and does not perform identity validation.



}
{ SQL server authentication

  logins are created in SQL Server that are not based on Windows user accounts.
  Both the user name and the password are created by using SQL Server and
  stored in SQL Server. Users connecting using SQL Server Authentication must
  provide their credentials (login and password) every time that they connect.

}


Any Windows or SQL Server account can be configured as a system administrator.
