In SQL Server, fixed server roles are a set of pre-configured roles that
provide convenient group of server-level permissions.

Fixed server roles are defined at the server level and have permissions to perform
specific server-level administrative activities.
Fixed server roles cannot be added, removed, or changed.

Logins can be added to
the roles using the
   ALTER SERVER ROLE ... ADD MEMBER
statement

Every login belongs to the public fixed server role.

SQL Database does not support the fixed server roles, but has two roles in the
master database (dbmanager and loginmanager) that act like server roles.

-> fixed-database-roles

The set of fixed server roles is:
   - sysadmin
        o can perform any activity in the server.
        o encompasses all other roles and has unlimited scope.
        o Most DBCC commands and many system procedures require membership
          in the sysadmin fixed server role.
        o Do not add principals to this role unless they
          are highly trusted.
        o sysadmin role members have irrevocable administrative
          privileges on all server databases and resources.
   - serveradmin
        o can change server-wide configuration options
          and shut down the server.
   - securityadmin
        o manage logins and their properties.
        o can GRANT, DENY, and REVOKE server-level permissions. They
        o can GRANT, DENY, and REVOKE database-level permissions]
          if they have access to a database.
        o can reset passwords for SQL Server logins.
        o securityadmin role should be treated as equivalent to the sysadmin role because
          it has the ability to grant access to the Database Engine and to configure user permissions
   - processadmin
        o can end processes that are running in an instance of SQL Server
   - setupadmin
        o can add and remove linked servers (with T-SQL) [ With Management Studio, sysadmin is required)
   - diskadmin
        o used to manage disk files
   - dbcreator
        o can create, alter, drop, and restore any database
   - bulkadmin 
        o can run BULK INSERT statement
        o allows users to insert the contents of any local file
          into a table, which could jeopardize data integrity.
   - public
        o Implemented differently than other roles (it is implemented as a role), and permissions can be granted,
          denied, or revoked from the public fixed server roles.
          Because it is implemented differently, public does not show up in `sp_helpsrvrole`.
        o Every login belongs to public
        o public role cannot be dropped
        o permissions can be revoked from the public role
        o Compare with public database role.

    --> exec sp_helpsrvrole       shows fixed server roles
    --> exec sp_helpsrvrolemember Returns information about the members of a SQL Server fixed server role.
    --> exec sp_srvrolepermission shows the permissions that the fixed server roles have.
